# Final Project Proposal 
*(Draft v1 - 11/11/19)*

## "Wheelie"
In *Wheelie*, the player would navigate a series of obstacles in a manual wheelchair. Most of the game would take place on a ~3 lane course in the style of early games in the *F-Zero* franchise. Games in the legacies of *Mario Kart*, certain 3D *Sonic* titles, and *Crash Bandicoot* are also comparable. But, time permitting, different levels could emulate different styles of historic games, including side-scrolling (visa vie *Mario Bros*).

The player's primary objective in this game would be to pursue power-ups, via navigation towards them or earning them with in-game points (racked up by course completion time, remaining lives at the end of courses, coin-item collection, and etc. incentive factors), that would allow them to surpass various obstacles. For example, wheelchairs have this problem most able-bodied folks don't usually think about (in my experience) where when their casters hit uneven terrain, they can flip forwards end over end, injuring the user (sometimes severely). A power-up that prevents this flipping would be like an invincibility star. Better (larger) casters could provide an extra life. Special goggles could reveal/highlight obstacles for the player for a limited time. And, etc. Obstacles could be various, from other vehicles obstructing part of the course (which the player would have to dodge as they approach at high speeds) to pot-holes the player would essentially have to jump--or do a "wheelie" to avoid.

This game's purpose, beyond its inherent worth as a fun racing/platforming hybrid, would be to draw attention to some obstacles wheelchair and other assistive device users face on a regular basis. Ideally, it would cause able-bodied players to stop and think about these obstacles when they might not have otherwise. This will go a little ways, I'd hope, towards building awareness and community, and even if that's for just a few more people--a few more connections--that would be a good thing. :)

## "How to Succeed"
*How to Succeed* would be an extension of our game03 assignment for which I worked on a mailroom simulator/sorting game based on the musical I was in this fall. However, in this version, that mailroom sorting mini-game would be but one level and the overall game would be turned into a dungeon-crawler/RPG. Things like the ally-bars, gaining clues that would help the player advance in the World Wide Wicket Company faster, and the player having to hide their gender would stay and be expanded on, building out the original concept I introduced in *Mailroomery* (game03).